Add documentation about the HomeWizard identify feature (#25030)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/homewizard.markdown

- **Switch**: Controls the outlet state of the Energy Socket. This switch is locked out when `Switch Lock` is turned on. 
- **Switch lock**: Forces the outlet state in the `on` position and disables the physical button. This option is useful when the socket is used for a device that must not be turned off, such as a refrigerator.

## Identify

> The `Identify` button can be pressed to let the status light blink for a few seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The identify button can be pressed to let the status light blink for a few seconds.
```

> The identify button can be pressed to let the status light blink for a few seconds.
> 
> <div class='note'>
> 
>  This feature is currently only available for the Wifi Energy Socket with firmware version `3.01` or later.
> 
>  </div>

Reviewer 2: Notes are kinda big and annoying. Let’s just make it a single line. 
```suggestion
The identify button can be pressed to let the status light blink for a few seconds. This feature is not supported by all devices.
```

Author: Sure 👍. But I still think we should tell which devices are supported to prevent users spamming support and/or the forum with "when/where is this available?" This is also enforced by `python-homewizard-energy`, so support is only added through a PR in core.

```suggestion
The identify button can be pressed to let the status light blink for a few seconds.
This feature is currently only available for the Wifi Energy Socket with firmware version `3.01` or later.
```
